I went to that bar and
Could it be that I was given by that bar?
Miss Mu, what's wrong with you, Mr. Chen?
How did I get back last night?
Mr. Chen brought you back last night.
You are drunk
Mr. Chen asked me to take a bath for the clothes you changed.
So are my clothes torn or something?
No, I just threw up a lot last night
Okay, you can go down first.
How are you feeling better?
Much better, thank you Mr. Chen for sending me back
Why does it always feel weird?
I don't think you really want to thank me, do you?
I mean it.
Then don't you think I'm self-righteous?
How could Mr. Chen be self-righteous?
That domineering and unreasonable
How could it be that in addition to being handsome and rich
What else?
Of course there is.
I can't even count.
Okay, then tell me a few paragraphs
Otherwise you know better
Chen Xuenan has no advantages at all.
Why can't I say it?
I think Mr. Chen, you are very nice.
Very good very good
Really? Well, you don't think I'm selfish
Are you domineering and unreasonable?
Mr. Chen, how could you be such a person?
People who dare to say that to you
I'm afraid I've already been beaten to death by you
But that's not what you said last night